---
title: "Privacy Notice"
date: 2017-11-23T23:51:14+01:00
draft: false
menu:
  main:
    name: "Privacy"
    weight: 5
---

Use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (eg name, address or e-mail address), this is as far as possible, on a voluntary basis. These data are not without your express consent.

We point out that data transmission over the Internet (eg communication by e-mail) may have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

The use of published contact data by third parties for sending unsolicited advertisements and information materials is hereby expressly excluded. The site operators reserve the right to take legal action in case of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails.

### Privacy Statement for the Use of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called. "Cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In case of activation of the IP anonymization on this website, your IP address will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Only in exceptional cases is the complete IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other with website and internet related services to the website operator. Which is within the scope of Google Analytics from your IP-address will not be merged with other data of Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; but we point out that you can optionally use to their full extent in this case not all features of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including. Your IP address) to Google and the processing of these data by Google by downloading available at the following link browser plugin and install: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).

Sources: [eRecht24](http://www.e-recht24.de/muster-datenschutzerklaerung.html), [Google Analytics Privacy Notice](http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html) (German)